updating referrences from traefik to kong (#6539)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-install-hardening-your-cluster.adoc

As always, the rule is to make as many of the resources as private as possible, applies. If your users will access your
CircleCI server installation via VPN, there is no need to assign any public IP addresses at all, as long as you have a
working NAT gateway setup. Otherwise, you will need at least one public subnet for the `circleci-server-traefik` load balancer.

> NOTE: As of release 3.3.0, we've replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chosen not to rename the service used by kong. So you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however this service is actually for Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: From server v3.3.0, we have replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chose not to rename the service used by kong. Therefore, you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however, this service is actually for Kong.
```

> NOTE: From server v3.3.0, we have replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chose not to rename the service used by kong. Therefore, you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however, this service is actually for Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: From server v3.3.0, we have replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chose not to rename the service used by Kong. Therefore, you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik` but this service is actually for Kong.
```
